so one thing that really
surprised me was from 1970 2010
you know in 40 years we've lost
over half our wildlife
populations in 2014 there's a
study that was done basically
what they do is they look at
elephants and tigers and and
fish and and all these sorts of
animals that we consider very
very important they look at how
they change over time and they
found that from 1972 2010 we had
a fifty-two percent decline in
those numbers and it wasn't
until we started industrial
Isaac everything industrializing
fishing industrializing energy
production and all these kinds
of things where we started to
really impact these environments
in a way that was never no one
more sustainable and it's not
until we see the impact that it
has on the environment impact it
has on other species that we
start to think twice about what
we're doing
the amazing thing about a lot of
these ecosystems and the amazing
thing about the environment is
it's actually pretty resilient
to change and so if we just
stopped doing the small things
that are damaging it it'll
bounce back
you have to believe that we can
make a difference that we can
save the species or we can
protect these areas and that
it's not a lost cause one thing
that maybe people don't know is
that there are low in the dark